Autopay is a feature which support auto deducting the Bill amount without collecting the card details. This can happen with the token shared from the payment gateway during customer authorization  
Full form of CRM is Customer relationship management
Full form of UPC is Unified Product Catalog
Full form of COM is Customer Order Management 
Billing Account holds all the financial details for the customer like Outstanding balance, invoice details, payments, adjustment etc. Billing account is responsible for billing the associated services. Billing will generate event base CDRs for all transactions.
CRM is a GUI based module that will be used by the CSR for managing the customers of VFP. CRM is a centralized management tool that provides overall customer view and automates key business processes. CRM key functionalities include: On Board a New customer View and Manage customer profile Account Service data. Manage and Monitor Customer based Activities Manage and monitor the life cycle of the Customer Orders Ticketing Module for complaints tracking View and manage customer history data  Payments, Invoices, usage  The key components of CRM are Customer Acquisition Customer Management Customer Care Customer Contact Management Document Management Trouble Ticket User Management Customer Order Management
Onboarding is the process to create a new customer into the system  BSS .Activation is the process of onboarding a new postpaid or prepaid customer of different types, such as residential or corporate, into the system  BSS . As a part of onboarding, the customer KYC details will be collected for the first time and stored in the BSS platform. An onboarding flow will end once the sale is completed. After the onboarding, further sales are continued on the Customer 360 page because the customer is already created in the system.
Unified Product catalogue is an integral part of the BSS architecture, fully integrated with other components. Product and service catalogue management system is a common repository of all information needed to create and manage a product offering. UPC scope covers offer and product specifications, product relationships definitions, bundling of products and the possibility to specify which products are exclusive or sold only as a component of a bigger package.
Product and service catalogue management system is a common repository of all information needed to create and manage a product offering. It contains the relevant pricing information, service details and product  service life cycle details.   Relevant components can be customized and combined in multiple combinations for quick service assembly and seamless service delivery.
Plans will be categorized into three different types like Prepaid, Postpaid, Hybrid
Product Tariff Definition supports new tariff plan design and modification to meet subscribers’ needs. It helps facing the challenges of offering continuously new attractive services and rate plans for attracting new subscribers and retaining exiting ones. It helps operators to easily provision and test data for tariffs and promotions.
The UPC system will define the recharges to be supported by the system. The recharges can be Voucher recharges or Etopup recharge. The recharges can be created specific to the plan or ALL.
The UPC system will have the master definition for all the supported Number series. System can group the number series and make the MSISDN zone. UPC can define the tariffs for these MSISDN zone. So if the subscriber calling to the number series defined in the zone the corresponding tariffs will get applied.
A group of countries will be clubbed together and creating a country zone. The UPC can define the tariff based on Country Zone. This is basically applicable for IDD calls. Whenever the subscriber is making a call to the particular country zone the specific tariff country zone wise tariff will be get applied.
CSR can manage the FNF for the services by adding or deleting the Friends and family numbers. CRM will be integrating with the surepay for managing the FNF and all the details of FNF for a service will be maintained at surepay which can be fetched and displayed on the CRM
CRM provides the functionality to migrate connection from prepaid to postpaid or postpaid to prepaid using the same MSISDN.
This feature is for the postpaid service where subscriber can raise the request to move service from one billing account to another billing account. With this feature customer can raise the request for changing the billing account of the service so that invoice of the service can be managed by new billing account
Customer can request for the suspension of the service for some duration, if the subscriber does not want to use the service for some time for any reason. CSR can take this request and activate safe custody which in turn will suspend the service. Suspension will be effective till the date selected by the CSR. The system will automatically restore the service once the suspension expiry date is crossed. Suspension of the service can also be done automatically by the system, when the service goes into dunning due to incomplete payment done by the customer. This use case is applicable to postpaid customers only. The safe custody plan charges can be configured in EPC with first three month free  discount  in a year.
For the corporate postpaid customers the company owner can define a CUG Group and company can add subscribers to it. Company name ID will be attached with the group. The company documents will be submitted and the contracts will be signed while creating the group. So within the company the subscribers get the CUG Tariffs and corporate discounts as well if configured. In this case the invoice will be generated for the company account Id. The employees can also activate the Company CUG by submitting the Employee ID Company ID. The CSR can search the CUG based on the Company name and if valid CSR will activate the Company CUG to the subscriber. In this case invoice will be created for the subscriber but the subscriber will be benefited with corporate discounts & benefits.  For each CUG Group creation request should send to Surepay to create the Group.
BSS platform has a Bill Cycle management using which multiple bill cycles can be created in the system and attached to the accounts created in the CBS by the admin as per requirement.  System will attach suitable billcycle  if CSR doesn’t select any billcycle. The system supports standard billing cycles for all the subscribers wherein all the subscribers are billed on a particular day of the month irrespective of the date joining the network. Prorate charging will be done for the balance days for the first cycle in case customer is joining in between the billing cycle and standard billing cycle will be applied from the next billing period. When a bill cycle is created, Billing system will internally generate the bill code for that bill cycle based on the billing day selected. Bill code defines the bill period of the bill cycle which will be taken by the application when generating the invoices for the customers attached to that particular bill cycle. Each time a particular bill code is selected and bill run is done, application will create the next bill code in the system.
Contract can be two types. Device contract and connection contract. Device Contract can be fetched from EPC. Device Connection Contract plans will have pre closer charges in percentage of pending installment, contract period in months and device charges. Contract period EMI will be calculated by billing system and EMI  contract charges  will be calculated in bill generation. If contract is pre closed or service is terminated before completing contract period  pre closer charges along with the pending installments will charged in the next bill. If a contract is terminated total pending instalment and x % percent of total pending installment as pre closer charge will be billed to same customer.
Message Template This feature allows Users to configure different notification message templates in the BSS platform. Each template will be given a unique ID to substitute parameters per template ID. These templates can be used for all notifications to be sent to the subscribers from BSS platform. Different notifications can be supported in the system like post bill generation notifications to subscriber, dunning payment due date alert notification to subscribers. Email Template This feature allows Users to configure different notification E mail templates in the BSS platform. Each template will be given a unique ID to substitute parameters per template ID. These templates can be used for all E mail notification templates to be sent to the subscribers from BSS platform. Different notifications can be supported in the system like post bill generation notifications to subscriber, dunning payment due date alert notification to subscribers.
There are two types of Notification Email notification and SMS notification
There are certain scenarios wherein Operator’s charge Customers a fees other than the package for service opted. For e.g. A Customer has subscribed for postpaid GSM services with the Operator. If the Customer wants the invoice by postal mail, then Operator can charge specific fees for this. BSS system allows the Operator to configure these type of charges   fees for such kind of services through UPC node.
System facilitates to identify bad debt customers who did not pay their last 3 invoices based on Bad debt flag which is on customer 360 degree account level. When customer has not paid 3 continue invoices, the system will automatically update the bad debt flag as “Yes” at account level and once the customer paid due invoices amount completely, then the system will automatically remove bad debt flag from account level. Bad debt flag can be viewed from customer 360 degree account level.
Full form of CFSS is Customer Facing Service Specification
Full form of RFSS is  Resource Facing Service Specification
Full form of PRS is Physical Resource Specification