Full form of LRS is Logical Resource Specification
CAF is Customer Acquisition Form
CDR is Call Detail Record
Call Detail Record  CDR  is the detailed record of all the telephonic calls that pass through a telephone exchange or any other telecommunications equipment.
CFSS is a service that is represented as product offerings. It is a service that resides in the product service catalog and interacts with the customer. CFSS is the aggregation of RFSS, PRS and LRS. A CFSS is the higher level entity which will be propagated to product catalog module such that offers can be defined using these values. While defining a CFS using Admin GUI, user needs to select service class, service category, transport type and start date as mandatory and along with that, user can define characteristics, relationships with other RFSS or PRS or LRS entities 
A Resource Facing Service  RFS  is mainly composed of multiple workflows and their characteristics. The workflow consists of multiple workers and their characteristics. Each workflow is represented as combination of action and scope. Action defines the role and scope defines the target system to which the requests to be submitted. For Workers, characteristic entities would be the input parameters expected by the worker task  same as the input keys in Worker metadata . 
Physical Resources define the technical components of a solution which are Physical in nature  like Modem . A resource is a specific object in the Asset & Resource inventory that can be consumed, referenced, or shared by a service when provisioning a resource facing service
Logical Resources define the technical components of a solution which are logical in nature  like Static IP address . A resource is a specific object in the network and in the inventory that can be consumed, referenced, or shared by a service when provisioning a resource facing service. 
Self Care is a customer service management system with the ability to serve the customers more efficiently and effectively.  This system informs the customer with his her latest invoices, balance and general information. 
SCM is Self Care Management
System supports topup through different channels like SMS. System generates CDR for all topup events. A user can recharge for himself or can initiate a top up for another mobile number. The details of third party voucher recharge will be captured in the logs, CDRs and reports.
Created,Distributed,Activated,Reserved,Consumed,Blocked,Expired
KYC verifies the identity of the customers with an intent to eliminate the risk of fraudsters and fake identities
Full form of KYC is Know Your Customer
A prepaid connection is one that you pay for before you use your phone s services
A postpaid connection is one that you pay after you use your phone s services
Service Activation With Starter Kit Prepaid COCO Shop,Service Activation with Paired Number without BasePlan,Service Activation with Blank SIM,Service Activation Onboarding with paired SIM 
Click on   Services   Click on  service Settings   Click on   Change Mobile Numbe   Click on mobile number displayed on crm from the available list. Click on  Confirm   Click submit and give the reason code in pop up window. Click ok
The Balance Transfer feature of OCS allows a subscriber to transfer its Main balance or bucket balance in case of Prepaid and bucket balance in case of Postpaid  Main Balance Transfer for Postpaid is considered for one Use Case described in the below sections , to another subscriber provided both the parties should have the feature enabled. It is a P2P balance transfer. 
A Deposit is an amount that is collected from the Subscriber as a security in case of Cash chosen as a Payment mode, to avoid the Operator going into debt due to non payment of bills or breach of contract.
Click on  Services  Click on Subscription  Click on change offer  sub window open Eligibility Check click on Continue  Select the plan which we want to change Click on Add To Cart  After that order summary will display on sub window if we we want to select another plan Click on Remove  sub window open for service remove and click on that Confirm  Click on Next  Click on checkbox Accept disclaimer and sub window opens Click on Ok  Click on Submit 
Bill Medium is the way through which the Billing system initiates generated invoices to send to Customers. There are following available mediums: Email SMS Paper Mail
The important part of the Post paid Billing System is invoicing the billing information generated in a presentable format for subscribers for understanding the bill details. Invoicing at high level will calculate rentals, calculate usage, apply billing time discounts, apply one time charges if any.
These are related to adjustment transactions, either a debit or credit passed to a service, which will be included as part of the bill transactions.
Adjustment can be classified into three. Goodwill adjustment,Charge level adjustment,Resource level adjustment
Risk categories are created in the BSS platform to categorize subscriber profiles in the system. During provisioning, customer account s  can be attached to different risk categories which CSR can select as per the operator policy.
This invoice is to be generated only if the bill amount is zero because of a discount provided as part of the bill, else if the bill is zero due to no charge, then invoice isn’t to be generated.
CSR agent can book a promise to pay request for an unpaid invoice generated for a billing account in the system based on customer request. Promise to pay feature is useful in case the customer is not capable of clearing the invoice within the due date and customer calls the CSR agent and request for an extension to the due date of the bill so that customer will be able to continuously use the services without being affected by the system based automatic dunning.
A dispute can be recorded when a customer queries some aspect of their bill. Disputes can be raised against an invoice on an account. After a dispute is recorded, it would be investigated, verified in order to accept, reject or cancel. If the raised dispute is found to be valid, then the dispute can be accepted, and would be refunded to the customer as a part of adjustment and would be reflected in the next invoice.
UPC can define multiple buckets based on time, item and volume. Once buckets are created, they can be mapped to add on plans as benefits. Buckets will have measurement types which will hold the monitory and non monitory units.
Risk Category  Describes the risk associated with the billing account. Based on this customer dunning profile will be linked. Dunning Profile Describes the action to be associated with the payment collection. Dunning Suspend     Subscriber enters Suspend if the Subscriber does not Pay 3 Bills in x days after due date is passed. It is based on the configuration that is agreed with Business. All services are barred in this state, and Subscriber will have to make the payment to make the service active. The service barring is configurable. The period is also configurable. In this case once the Customer makes bill payment, the state changes back to Active.
Notification will Trigger at the time of onbording for service created in network, service action , order completion,and at the time of bill ready etc based on option user have selected
The system must be able to update his payment method. The payment method must be initially chosen when activating the line.  Via Cash  Via Direct debit   Via Amex
Full form of WFM is Workforce Management.
A ticketing system lets you record requests made by your customers, assigning them to the appropriate customer service team member for resolution. It also allows users to view requests and other information about their interactions with the company.